and the money games and today we are
gonna get the space Avengers 2112
lungs open it the space Phoenix
it has powerful a cleaner
Walter's and me Denman and Sloan did the
back of the box
there's maybe even gonna stay connected
it has a control now this is it all the
box
it is spare parts this is a funny
interim sense this is the helicopter it
has an eye and a dentist gonna visit the
guns Lorna which night this brought down
and think it's a wire then straight back
up and turn it on and we're done
finished any Gupta off then we'll plug
it in now what happen it's dancing we'll
both the wire out and then we're tonight
it back open so boys and wire back and
just mind it back up then we turn on the
helicopter let me so what if not
you
I hope who likes my videos and photos
thing to wasn't Z Juanita